mgr/dashboard: Audit REST API calls (#24475)
ceph/ceph: doc/mgr/dashboard.rst

  ceph config set mgr mgr/dashboard/url_prefix $PREFIX

so you can access the dashboard at ``http://$IP:$PORT/$PREFIX/``.

Auditing
--------

The REST API is capable of logging PUT, POST and DELETE requests to the Ceph

> audit log. This feature is disabled by default, but can be enabled easily::

Reviewer: Small suggestion:

```suggestion
audit log. This feature is disabled by default, but can be enabled with the
following command::
```

  $ ceph dashboard set-audit-api-enabled <true|false>

If enabled, the following parameters are logged per each request:

* from - The origin of the request, e.g. https://[::1]:44410
* path - The REST API path, e.g. /api/auth
* method - e.g. PUT, POST or DELETE
* user - The name of the user, otherwise 'None'

The logging of the request payload (the arguments and their values) can be enabled

> or disabled if required::

Reviewer: What's the default when enabling API logging?

Author: Done
